<section>

# Introduction
Our physical and digital environments are becoming more & more overcrowded with advertising; increasingly, the intended audience is acclimated to the noise of current forms of advertising media.
The question for future advertising, is how to create more captivating interactions that stand-out from the competition while delivering deeper relationships between user & brand? In the near future, the overlapping concepts of Proximity Marketing and Pervasive Advertising are likely to converge in ways that create context aware interactions, triggered by the user's location which are able to provide richer engagement with the user; by leveraging data that  is not available to traditional forms of advertising, like personal data or environmental data the new forms of interactive physical advertising will be able to connect with their audience to a degree greater than ever before. Up until now, only online advertising has been able to take advantage of contextual data and user data to deliver more relevant advertising to the user; the advent of the Internet of Things, which promises to lead to ubiquitous computing, creates a paradigm shift where all sort of objects and locations will be online and connected to data sources. With this new found power, the interaction between the physical space and people needs to be well executed lest it invoke negative reactions from consumers, that is to say users may not feel comfortable with these new experiences should they appear to infringe on privacy. What will be needed is a well balanced approach to instigating these new interactive experiences and requesting consensual use of personal data.

# Aims and Objectives

## Aims
The purpose of this thesis is to explore various user experiences simulating a location based interaction with an internet connected physical device, acting as the node of the proximity marketing, pervasive advertising experience. The different user experiences, will essentially be run as experiement to be compared and contrasted, all diverging from one common control experiment and using combinations of different elements of social, reward and interactive technologies to guage which experience have the best net positive results. Essentially, investigating the combined use of disparate cutting-edge technologies of IoT devices, AR, Blockchain, alongside Social Media within the scope of proximity marketing, to identify the best outcomes. Ultimately this project aims to explore ways to make more compelling and positive experiences for end-users when engaging with novel forms of internet connected, location based, phyisically invoked advertising or marketing; determining which user experience experiments are most successful, will provide business insight that can be used in the future when creating real-world experiences. This in turn should create richer, deeper and longer lasting relationships between consumers and brands. As well as providing a report on user preferences for proximity marketing, a secondary goal would be to deliver a means of setting up, deploying and delivering these advertising interactions, through a web interface.

## Objectives

Look here -> https://learn.solent.ac.uk/mod/book/view.php?id=2744&chapterid=1293

</section>
